youtube_kevin/OopAnotherExample.java
 youtube_kevin.Addition
 youtube_kevin.Calculation
 youtube_kevin.CalculatorService2
 youtube_kevin.Division
 youtube_kevin.Multiplication
 youtube_kevin.OopAnotherExample
 youtube_kevin.Subtraction
modernjavainaction/chapter2/FilteringApples.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.AppleGreenColorPredicate
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.AppleHeavyWeightPredicate
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.FilteringApples
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.FilteringApples$1
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.Predicate
modernjavainaction/chapter2/Example.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.Apple
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.Color
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.Example
youtube_kevin/CustomFunctionalInterfaceExample.java
 youtube_kevin.BigDecimalToCurrency
 youtube_kevin.CustomFunctionalInterfaceExample
 youtube_kevin.CustomFunctionalInterfaceExample$1
 youtube_kevin.Function3
 youtube_kevin.InvalidBigDecimalToCurrency
youtube_kevin/StreamExamples1.java
 youtube_kevin.StreamExamples1
modernjavainaction/chapter2/Quiz2_1.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.AppleFancyFormatter
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.AppleFormatter
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.AppleSimpleFormatter
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.Quiz2_1
youtube_kevin/StreamPrelude.java
 youtube_kevin.StreamPrelude
youtube_kevin/OopAndFpExamples.java
 youtube_kevin.CalculatorService
 youtube_kevin.FpCalculatorService
 youtube_kevin.OopAndFpExamples
youtube_kevin/WhyJava8.java
 youtube_kevin.WhyJava8
youtube_kevin/FunctionalInterfaceExamples.java
 youtube_kevin.FunctionalInterfaceExamples
youtube_kevin/StreamExample3.java
 youtube_kevin.StreamExample3
modernjavainaction/chapter2/ApplePredicate.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.ApplePredicate
youtube_kevin/StreamExamples2.java
 youtube_kevin.StreamExamples2
youtube_kevin/FunctionalInterfaceExamples2.java
 youtube_kevin.FunctionalInterfaceExamples2
 youtube_kevin.FunctionalInterfaceExamples2$DiscountProduct
 youtube_kevin.FunctionalInterfaceExamples2$Order
 youtube_kevin.FunctionalInterfaceExamples2$OrderedItem
 youtube_kevin.FunctionalInterfaceExamples2$Product
modernjavainaction/chapter3/Example.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.Apple
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.Example
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.Example$1
modernjavainaction/chapter2/Example2_4.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter2.Example2_4
modernjavainaction/chapter3/BufferedReaderProcessor.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.BufferedReaderProcessor
modernjavainaction/chapter3/ProcessFileExample.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.ProcessFileExample
modernjavainaction/chapter3/ConsumerExample.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.Consumer
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.ConsumerExample
modernjavainaction/chapter3/PredicateExample.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.Predicate
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.PredicateExample
modernjavainaction/chapter3/SupplierExample.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.SupplierExample
modernjavainaction/chapter3/FunctionExample.java
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.Function
 modernjavainaction.chapter3.FunctionExample
